hey what she said about the dream being
dead she's right the dream of this place
is past I mean you're giving up no
Armand must still be stopped but not for
the past we better not give up there's
no way you're gonna look so good if you
end up covered in corruption spouting
stuff about our look good huh oh don't
tell me you don't know I've never met a
beautiful woman who didn't know she was
beautiful and I've never met a man who
used flattery unless he wanted something
you have such a suspicious mind
no I'm just nowhere near as naive as you
think I am
much as I hate to break the dream how do
we get out of him we'll have to go down
the outside of the tower I think we can
get out over there
everything help
are you sure
that's another
ready
show us the way I look